applications: nrf5340_audio: Update changelog (#12768)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

> * The whole application architecture for handling Bluetooth LE Audio has changed. New modules have been added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Modified the entire application architecture for handling Bluetooth LE Audio. The following new modules have been added:
```

Author: Done

  * Management - This module handles scanning and advertising, in addition to general initialization, controller configuration, and transfer of DFU images.
    The new architecture makes it possible to make connections and handle periodic advertising sync independently of the Bluetooth LE Audio setup.
  * Stream - This module handles the setup and transfer of audio in the Bluetooth LE Audio context.
    The new architecture makes it possible to have more than one Bluetooth LE Audio role in one device.
  * Renderer - This module handles rendering, such as volume up and down.
  * Content Control - This module handles content control, such as play and pause.

* Added back the QDID number for the :ref:`lib_bt_ll_acs_nrf53_readme` to the documentation.
* Updated the :ref:`application documentation <nrf53_audio_app>` by splitting it into several pages.

> * Fixed a compatibility issue when using Android 14.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we should add "Pixel 7/7A".

Author: Changed to "Google Pixel 7/7A"
